Instructions for sideloading on Firefox for Android (#2036)
mozilla/extension-workshop: src/content/documentation/publish/self-distribution.md

    </script>
  </div>
  ```
  If you take this approach, make sure that the browser detects your JavaScript code as handling user input. For example, it is called from inside a DOM click event.

If the download link or triggering JavaScript is not on the top-level frame of the website, none of the frames between the top-level page and the frame containing the download or JavaScript can be third-party or cross-origin frames.

::: note

> You may find references to using the `InstallTrigger` API to trigger a download from JavaScript. This API was never officially supported and will be removed from Firefox 102. Use is, therefore, not recommended.

Author: @dotproto it's not been removed, and the relevant bug is still open.
```suggestion
You may find references to using the `InstallTrigger` API to trigger a download from JavaScript. This API is not supported and it will be removed (see [Bug 1776426](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=1776426)).  Use is, therefore, not recommended.
```
